♪ Say it isn't so ♪
♪ Ah, say it isn't so... ♪
Sometimes I hate waking up.
♪ Everyone is saying you don't love me
You don't love me ♪
♪ Say it isn't so... ♪
You can pretend
that things aren't your fault...
that you're not a bad person...
but deep down,
you always know that you are.
That morning,
when I woke up in the bath,
I felt like a new person.
We were together again.
♪ And it won't be long
Before you leave me ♪
♪ Say it isn't true ♪
♪ Say that everything is still okay... ♪
Alyssa?
Hello?
Morning.
You look nice.
I'm not your nan, James.
There's no one here. The guy's gone.
I'm sure we can use his phone.
I don't think he'd mind.
Bonnie?
Are you awake?
I'm not wearing any clothes.
Okay.
The mechanic's on her way.
Already?
Uh...
Yeah. Will you be ready to leave soon?
Yes.
I'm so sorry to ask,
but could we borrow some cash for the car?
I promise we'll pay you back.
- Is there someone else in there?
- Oh, my God.
She had sex with the man.
- What?
- The owner from last night.
Thank you. Like I said...
Why would she have sex with him?
Her boyfriend died.
She's got low self-esteem.
People do all kinds of shit
when they feel bad about themselves.
You two pissed anyone off?
What?
That... is not an accident.
Probably that guy at the car pound.
Or Bonnie.
- What?
- I'm joking.
Where now?
Um... turn left.
Are you feeling okay, Bonnie?
I think I drank too much last night.
Where are we going?
My sister's.
You didn't mention your sister.
You didn't ask.
Where does she live?
The middle of fucking nowhere?
It's, like, 20 minutes.
How did you sleep?
Okay.
- We know what you did.
- Alyssa.
- What?
- The man.
The motel man.
- He bought me a drink.
- You don't have to tell us.
Then what?
- No one's judging you.
- What?
You just slept with him.
I don't care. You had your reasons.
We've all done stuff we regret.
I'm really hot. Can I open up the window?
Why don't you take off your polo neck?
I think I'm gonna be si...
Jesus!
She must have had a skinful last night.
This was my chance.
I had to say something.
Uh...
Speaking of last night...
What about it?
Well, how do you feel?
I feel like we're literally watching
a stranger be sick into a ditch.
Okay.
So I probably don't want
to talk about it.
Okay.
God! How long is she gonna take?
Are we in a rush?
- I need to get back today.
- What?
Yeah.
I didn't know
I was gonna say that.
Well...
we can't just leave her.
She helped us out with the car
and everything.
Okay, whatever.
I just wish that she'd hurry up.
I think she's finished.
Are you feeling better, Bonnie?
I need to go to a chemist.
Do you think it's a bit weird
she didn't mention her sister?
I think it is.
She could've just stayed there last night.
Isn't it a bit weird...
- James.
- Yeah?
She's weird. She does weird things.
It's not that interesting.
Sometimes,
even when I'm not looking at James,
I know what his face is doing.
Right now, it's all anxious and sad.
- Alyssa.
- We should get money.
For Bonnie.
Yep.
I wondered
if Alyssa just needed some time.
And space.
I should never have kissed him.
- Morning.
- Yes.
How can I help you?
I need painkillers.
The strongest ones.
Right. Can you tell me what they're for?
Why?
- Sorry?
- Why do you need to know?
Because that's my job.
Back pain?
Yeah. It's very bad.
Yeah.
There you go.
Uh... no more than six in 24 hours,
and you need to eat before you take them.
- Fine.
- If you don't, you'll be sick.
Already been sick.
Are you okay?
What?
You're bleeding.
No, I'm not.
Has someone hurt you?
Do you need help?
What?
There's a refuge near here.
Can I just pay?
Is he outside?
Where is he? You can tell me.
- He's in the motel.
- What motel?
Look, I'm a feminist, okay?
Thank you.
Is there a toilet here?
It's just...
- Wonder what's going on.
- You should go and check on her.
- I think she wanted to be alone.
- She's been ages.
She's hungover.
Probably having a flapjack or something.
In a chemist?
They do healthy ones made out of prunes,
and seeds, and things.
Just go and check on her!
What?
I was starting to remember
what Alyssa could be like.
Why can't you ask nicely?
I think maybe
there's something wrong with me.
♪ But what can I do? ♪
♪ How can I go on? ♪
♪ My baby has left me ♪
♪ My baby is gone ♪
♪ Tell me what to do ♪
- Morning.
Uh, where is she?
Who?
The woman.
My friend, I saw her walk in here.
I don't know what you're talking about.
No one's come in.
- But I just saw...
- Shame on you.
- What?
- Bonnie's disappeared.
She's actually vanished.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
I need to eat some food.
Now.
- It's quite early for lunch.
- Yeah.
Did you not have breakfast?
Uh... no.
Do you want to put the plates down?
I never knew
if Alyssa was aware of it,
but she could make a room feel colder
than it actually was.
I used to really like food.
This is for you.
Thank you.
This is called a Lazy Susan.
I often found that tension
could be diffused with facts.
So you can pass
the food round more easily.
- They're actually...
- Fuck's sake, James.
Not always, though.
What?
- Look, is something up with you?
- Alyssa.
You can tell us if you want.
And then we can all go home.
My boyfriend was murdered.
Shit.
Yeah.
- Sorry.
- Are you?
- Yeah.
- Why?
Because it's what you say.
When someone gets murdered?
I think so.
Both my parents are dead.
Were they murdered?
Can you stop saying
the word "murdered" please?
Are you okay?
I'm fine. I just need some water.
- Are you coming back?
- What?
Nothing.
This is my dad.
My parents don't speak to me anymore.
There's definitely
something wrong with me.
What's wrong?
- Are we actually near your sister's?
- We're close.
Can we get some takeaway boxes, please?
- Alyssa, what is the matter?
- Nothing is the matter, James.
- Why did you kiss me?
- What?
- Is it 'cause you felt sorry for me?
- No, James, I don't wanna talk about this.
Is it because of everything
that happened to me?
No. For God's sake, James,
not everything is about you.
Why? Because it has to be about you?
You can't... You can't kiss someone
and then be mean.
It's confusing.
Why? Are you 12?
You dumped me, James.
You dumped me in a letter,
like a Victorian.
- Wait. No.
- No?
- No.
- That's not what happened?
No, it is,
but... I didn't mean it. It's just...
What?
Your mum...
made me.
What?
She...
She came to the hospital.
She made me write you a letter.
Right.
Looking for something?
Where is it?
- What's your name?
- No.
My name is Kevan. With an "A".
What's going on?
You can tell me.
Did something happen to you?
I... I understand, okay?
I get it.
How can you get it?
- I know what you're going through.
- You've never met me.
I know women like you.
There's no one like me.
I didn't call the police because
I didn't want to get you in trouble.
Give me... my gun.
Okay, you listen to me.
Violence is not the answer.
What if it is?
- It isn't.
- What if it is?
It isn't.
What if it is?
Let's just calm down here.
- Has anyone ever killed someone you loved?
- No.
Do you ever wake up in the night
feeling like your skin's been screaming
'cause it misses someone so much?
I'm asking.
No.
Then you don't get it.
- Give me... the gun.
- I...
Give me the gun!
What?
Please can you let me say sorry?
Okay.
I said "okay".
Say it.
Go on. Say sorry.
Say sorry, and then I can say
it's okay, and everything's all right.
That's what you want, isn't it?
That was exactly what I wanted.
No.
It's not okay. It's just how it is.
- It wasn't just you.
- What's that supposed to mean?
Who had a bad time.
It's not a competition.
- I nearly died.
- Oh, apparently, it is.
I nearly died!
I know.
I was there.
I'm not the answer, James.
She was right.
It was over.
What about Bonnie?
Fuck Bonnie.
Don't call the police.
If you do,
I'll come back, and I'll kill you.
I won't.
What happened?
I was scared.
You're scary.
Okay.
Good.
♪ I'm not like everybody else ♪
♪ And I don't wanna to ball about
Like everybody else ♪
♪ And I don't wanna live our life
♪ And I don't wanna say goodbye
Like everybody else ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm not like everybody else ♪
♪ I'm not like everybody else ♪